William Madden - Front End Developer - excellence and elegance
Will Madden
Jr. Web Developer
experience
Front-End/ Technical Support
Dealer Spike

Nov 2017 - Present
Wilsonville, Oregon
Accomplishments and responsibilities

Research, develop, and implement, plug-and-play Shopify eCommerce integration using Vue/Vuex to leverage the Shopify storefront Graphql API solution for the entire platform. The result was Dealer SPike's first third party integration that leverages the Graphql API standard.

 Developed training curriculum and inhouse-developer documentation for open-source analytics platform Matomo (formerly Piwik). Developed strategies for leveraging the Matomo JS API for creating custom conversion tracking to improve the accuracy and integrity of collected data to

Regularly exceeds KPI targets. Recognized for being among the top 3 performers in the support department for the last 5 months running.

Recent Projects

Dealer Spike Shopify Integration
Live Example | Github repo

A Vue/Vues Single-Page-Application / platform-feature for integration with the Shopify Storefront GraphQl API. Above is a link to a live instance and to the git hub repo I set up to showcase the work. Dealerspike owns this code, and of course, no sensitive or proprietary code has been included in the repo.

GraphQL Server

https://limitless-cliffs-60173.herokuapp.com/
 A quick Express-Graphql API/server deployed to Heroku. Hit the '/' endpoint with a tool like Graphiql to query the API and see the documentation

Unsplash Image Finder

www.unsplash-react-imgage-finder.netlify.com
 A simple React application for accessing the public 'unsplash' image API. Demonstrates Functional as well as Class-based component architecture. Simple and intuitive UI/UX leveraging CSS stylers like background-size and the newer Flex-box properties to accommodate varying image sizes and aspect-ratios for a uniform,  responsive view.


File Watcher
https://github.com/BillyDeeWilliams/netwatcher-client-server

Client and Server code base for Bash CLI NodeJs app that leverages web-socket connections to monitor remote file structure for file changes


Objective Summary
 I am awesome.
                    You should hire me.


technologies

coding
Node.js
express
                REST
GraphQL
HTML5
CSS3
JS/ecma2015
jQuery
React
Redux
Vue
vuex
LESS/SASS

design
photoshop
gimp
analog 2d

Project management/deployment
Git
Glip / Slack
Trello
Heroku
Netlify
